---
id: 676
title: 'An Alternative Ending'
date: '2018-07-15T17:51:20+00:00'
author: admin
layout: revision
guid: 'http://climb.mx/673-revision-v1/'
permalink: /673-revision-v1/
---

After sleeping under the stars for 978 days and travelling the entire length of the equator several times, he packed his bike into a neat little box and boarded a flight back to his home country. He was a borne adventurer, a rough man with a steady, firm, handshake and worn out hands that would regularly get him out of trouble in his travels. He arrived at the airport with time to spare, checked in his bike in a box and boarded the plane.

<div>The state of the art 878 airplane had an impecable flight record, yet that day it had two simultaneous engine failures and crashed in a remote part of Africa.</div><div></div><div>There were reportedly no survivors. The remains of the fuselage were found 8 years after the crash by a non profit organization funded and led by his sister (a well known author and nobel laureate). The remains were apparently intact, except for heavy damage from the sun, wind, wild animals and a small hole made in the cargo compartment.</div><div></div><div>Thorough inventory checks showed that the bicycle was missing and his remains could never be positively identified. Years later, Dr. Passo, a genetic archaelogist that studied the relation between African genes and local artforms, found a particular tribe in the most inmaccessible parts of the Jira mountains with a genetic strand related to that of our adventurer. Upon this notice, his nobel sister quiclkly assembled a team and set off in a sea worthy vessel acquired by the non profit org. They arrived to Africa shortly thereafter.</div><div></div><div>A series of extensive laboratory tests, confirmed that the tribe in question had developed an outstanding mastery of hand labour and were astonished to learn that the tribe in question had adopted the handshake as a means of formal and informal salutation within the past 50 years.</div><div></div><div>After years of sociological studies by an artifficial intelligence instance completely modelled on the works of Dr Levi Strauss, the handshake in question was traced back to a government adviser who had travelled extensively and met several european personalities. The adviser had a very solitary life and recently passed, he had been buried, according to tradition, with his most valued possesions, next to the remains of of his pet, a domestic mountain lion. Several large scale attempts were made to lacate his next of kin, but alas, they were all unsuccessful.</div><div></div><div>In keeping with religous observances, The remains in question were never exhumed, and although there were rumors of a two wheeled steel artifact, the team focused on trying to correlate the newly developed tribe dynamics to the genetic information of the adventurer. In a last resort effort, the non profit company tried to trace the genetic strands of the mysterious adviser to its ancestors, they were stunned to find that he beared no relation with any tribe around.</div><div></div><div>Years of analysis on the tribe members yielded the base data for a russian laboratory to program an advanced simulation to be executed through a 10 year timeframe on state wide distributed super computer, fractionally powered by the russian nuclear reserve. The ambitious project simulated the entire universe, through time and space until the point of the plane crash and was designed to calculate the possibilities of surviving such a crash. The results proved that such a crash would effectively erase any memories, and that if a human were to survive, it would be highly likely that the personality of such victim be unrecognisable.</div><div></div><div>After a lifetime of research, the nobel sister had a breakthrough discovery, brought through by the laboratory in Russia. After more that 30 years running paralel simualtions of millions of possible universes with slight variations, enough information was acquired to ascertain that a 70 kilogram male could survive that very plane crash, and under very specific conditions, learn an african dialect and be accepted as. Functioning member of society. The nobel sister had accrued significant wealth throigh these discoveries and died less than a month later in a laboratory accident while trying to extract genetic information from a live predator.</div><div></div><div>There were no succesors of the family, yet the non profit organization became the largest privately owned caregiver in Africa and was awarded a permanent patent on any sort of simulation of the universe. The African tribe gained worldwide notoriety for their exceptional endurance, winning a streak of more than a hundred ultramarathons all over the world, most of them on a bicycle. The world leaders that had met them, were particularly taken with their firm, steady and confident handshake.</div>